README.md, before:

# Ubuntu-18.04-Server-Setup
A basic setup and installation guide for ubuntu server 18.04 on linode<br>
Video: [My First 7 Minutes On An Ubuntu Server - Essential Security for Linux Servers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjuSf_aPYFg)

## Update, Upgrade and Remove old
```
apt update && apt -y dist-upgrade && apt -y autoremove
```
## Install vim, curl, git, git-core, unattended-upgrades, fail2ban and ufw
```
apt -y install vim curl git git-core unattended-upgrades fail2ban ufw
```
## Set the hostname
```
hostnamectl set-hostname example.com
```
## Test change using su -
```
su -
```
## Exit from new session created
```
exit
```
## Add the wheel and dev groups
```
groupadd wheel
groupadd dev
```
## Update the sudoers file to include " %wheel ALL=(ALL) ALL " and " Defaults rootpw "
```
vim /etc/sudoers
```
## Create the new user
```
useradd -m -G wheel,dev -s /bin/bash username
```
## Set password for new user
```
passwd username
```
## Test new user exists
```
su username
```
## Update firewall with port 22 for ssh and enable
```
ufw status
ufw allow 22
ufw enable
ufw status
```
## Inspect unattended-upgrades settings
```
vim /etc/apt/apt.conf.d/50unattended-upgrades
```
## Add unattended-upgrades period for auto upgrades " APT::Periodic::Unattended-Upgrade "1"; "
```
vim /etc/apt/apt.conf.d/10periodic
```
## Update ssh config to disable root login over ssh
```
vim /etc/ssh/sshd_config
```
## Reboot system to restart all services with the updates
```
reboot
```

Commit message:

Added install instructions to README

README.md, after:

# Ubuntu-18.04-Server-Setup
A basic setup and installation guide for ubuntu server 18.04 on linode<br>
Video: [My First 7 Minutes On An Ubuntu Server - Essential Security for Linux Servers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjuSf_aPYFg)<br>
To run the installation script, run
```
# Download script
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jazerbarclay/Ubuntu-18.04-Server-Setup/master/install.sh
# Make it runnable
chmod +x install.sh
# Run script with user and domain 
# Note: password for new account asked on run
sudo ./install.sh [your_username] [your.domain.name]
```
<br>

## Update, Upgrade and Remove old
```
apt update && apt -y dist-upgrade && apt -y autoremove
```
## Install vim, curl, git, git-core, unattended-upgrades, fail2ban and ufw
```
apt -y install vim curl git git-core unattended-upgrades fail2ban ufw
```
## Set the hostname
```
hostnamectl set-hostname example.com
```
## Test change using su -
```
su -
```
## Exit from new session created
```
exit
```
## Add the wheel and dev groups
```
groupadd wheel
groupadd dev
```
## Update the sudoers file to include " %wheel ALL=(ALL) ALL " and " Defaults rootpw "
```
vim /etc/sudoers
```
## Create the new user
```
useradd -m -G wheel,dev -s /bin/bash username
```
## Set password for new user
```
passwd username
```
## Test new user exists
```
su username
```
## Update firewall with port 22 for ssh and enable
```
ufw status
ufw allow 22
ufw enable
ufw status
```
## Inspect unattended-upgrades settings
```
vim /etc/apt/apt.conf.d/50unattended-upgrades
```
## Add unattended-upgrades period for auto upgrades " APT::Periodic::Unattended-Upgrade "1"; "
```
vim /etc/apt/apt.conf.d/10periodic
```
## Update ssh config to disable root login over ssh
```
vim /etc/ssh/sshd_config
```
## Reboot system to restart all services with the updates
```
reboot
```
